before i begin let me stop by saying hey
i see you creeping alfred
the star of our movie today is
l would p down please
i start up against in broad daylight
with somebody screaming i don't know how
when he got that string around his damn
neck
which leads me to my next point that
don't look like a rope to me
it it look like a damn string oh
technically a rope is a thick string
so now we're just hanging over semantics
and did you all know this movie was
banned in some countries because it was
assumed these two fine
upstanding citizens here were romantic
partners because apparently being lovers
is the real evil in this movie
enjoying loving bad enjoying murder
okay these two folks are named brandon
he's the one right and on the left here
that's phillip
and they done gone and committed
themselves are throttling with a string
just for the sake of getting away with
committing themselves with all their
will strength
which leads me to my next point this
movie should have been called string
because that looked like a string to me
so they had david the throw out by
string fella in a chest
and then they start talking and then
they keep talking a bunch of
philosophical [ __ ] about the power over
life and death and
right and wrong and michael jackson or
prince and frieza tots but frankly i
prefer onion rings
and to brag about committing themselves
to throttling with a string just for the
sake of getting with committing
themselves to throttling with a string
they decide to make the chest with a
dead body a buffet table or as i like to
call it
dining on the dead all dining on david
or we could just go for the triple d
dining i'm dead david when the
housekeeper arrives she talks about how
rupert cadell about to bust up in this
joint and drop a beat
you see rupert cadell is that old school
headmaster who wrote about the
intellectual and societal superiority of
some folks over
others so now philip freaking because he
found out the one man who can figure out
they done did this dastardly deed coming
to dinner to dine on dead david
and that's the octod but brandon is
convinced rupert would approve of their
quote
work of art unquote okay look y'all
odd is when you drink multicolored milk
and throw it up on lady gaga
or when you sink shakira's halftime show
dance to cotton eye joke
or when you draw the outline of a cat
over the picture of a president in such
a way that his mouth looks like the
cat's
toe that's odd and so arrived and then i
guess
kenneth janet davidson and david's daddy
and rupert who don't get the grand
entrance you just walk his long tall
slicks up in there and observes the
freak show
and he walk around like the pimp he is
unless everybody know he's there
and that if there's any murderers up in
this party he about to make them hit
you and then they start talking and then
they keep talking
and next thing you know this movie's
title becomes daddy dining on dead david
damn and then they keep talking if they
hadn't murdered david at the beginning
of this movie they will just talk them
to death
and then they keep talking about murder
and how it might solve a shitload of
societal problems
who this scene here really make your
butt pucker pucker i said
pucker rupert's like i think we should
have a human hunting season
and david's dad is like i don't like the
tone of this combo and frankly
you're freaking me the [ __ ] out and
brandon's like oh ruby's right
but human hunting should only be
committed by people like me
psychos who off people in the middle of
the day and then invite their daddies
and chumps over to chow down on their
cops
and rupert's kind of like brandon i
happen to notice that when you talk
about murder and inferiors you start
some seriously hard cheesing and
brandon's like
oh rupee baby you so nasty then davis
woman starts getting a little fresh with
her own ex
nasty over david's dead body ah
and all anybody wants to know is where
the [ __ ] is david
and the housekeeper is like hey out here
in the dining room and these dumb
[ __ ] come along behind me and move it
all onto this tiny table
and once again philip freaking and he's
like
hey miss what your name and you got an
appointment with tony miceli magda
benson and niles at your annual we don't
[ __ ] do windows convention
and she's like see that's why i cleaned
the camera with
damp toothbrush oh see now you got
rupert's interest very peaked
so he moves on over to philip and is
like so why do you lie about that story
brandon told earlier
that story jeff forgot to talk about him
skip for time or whatever
and philip's like i don't know what you
mean and rupert's like
little story about choking a chicken and
phillips like
civilized gentlemen don't choke down
chickens and rivers like
well that's a little tmi fella but do
tell
why exactly does this subject make your
took us tense
next thing you know phillips gloops
really grabbing because dead david's
daddy was given a stack of books tied up
with the string they used to commit
themselves to throttling
i don't want to be too negative but that
right there looked to me like a man who
delayed
himself a cadbury egg i guess that's
what you get when you
choke your chicken then that knows it
may start doing her damn job
to nervous some people and just when you
think she had rupert about to habeas the
compass
brandon's like i think the not some time
to trot and it knows he made his roof
with the wrong hat
it's david's and now rupert is 100
certain
that throttled body is lying somewhere
in that apartment deceased
then rupert calls and wants to come back
up and once again philip freaking but
brandon's packing heat
then rupert arrives and then they start
talking and then they keep talking
because roofer wants them arrogant bits
to know that he knows all about the
chickens that been choking in their
apartment
so he's like if this was me i invite
david over
get him liquored up play him a little
ding and
knock him in the noodle and then that
bit reaches in his pocket and pulls out
the string
and philip grabs brandon's gun and he
and rupee engage in a little tussle
then rupert opens the chest and he's
like oh my god
i thought that didn't smell a little
funky
so brandon's like but let me explain
rupert it was easy
to commit a throttling all you gotta do
is pretend you're the president and your
victim is
the usps then rupert starts talking
about right and wrong up and down left
and right
laughing and crying living and dying and
who'd have
not made brandon god anyway so he shoots
the weapon out the window to call for
the po-po and as the sirens ring out
brandon takes a final drink and philip
tickles the ivories one more time
because i've seen
shawshank and they ain't got no booze
88's
only bibles up in that [ __ ] but rupert
just sit there like
oh boy these folks [ __ ] up
and they all lived happily ever after
the end be sure to like share and
subscribe for your regular
of meth you can expect me to upload more
videos whenever i
can and i could upload a lot more if i
could reach my monthly patreon goal
i hope you all will go check it out and
consider a small contribution because
all this talk of chicken got me hungry
four movies explained for i'm jeb
so nasty i'm telling you mama that's a
damn strength